Add blog and update number and sensor entity docs (#2448)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: blog/2024-12-04-area-squared-units.md

> ---

Reviewer: Can we update the date on the blog

Author: Sorry was I supposed to address this?

Reviewer: Yes. It needs a newer date.

Author: Done

---

> author: epenet
> authorURL: https://github.com/epenet

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
author: mikey0000
authorURL: https://github.com/mikey0000
```

title: "New area device class"
---

### Summary of changes
A new `AREA` device class is now available for number and sensor entities, together with automatic unit conversion based on the unit system.
A corresponding `UnitOfArea` unit enumerator, and `AreaConverter` converter class have been added to support the new device class.

### Backward compatibility

> As of Home Assistant Core 2024.12, the following unit constant is deprecated and replaced by a corresponding enum:
> 
> - `UnitOfArea` enumerator replaces `AREA_SQUARE_METERS` constant

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `AREA_SQUARE_METERS` constant has been deprecated and will be removed in Home Assistant `2025.12`.
Custom integrations should be adjusted to use `UnitOfArea.SQUARE_METERS` instead.
```

---
author: mikey0000
authorURL: https://github.com/mikey0000
title: "New area device class"
---

### Summary of changes
A new `AREA` device class is now available for number and sensor entities, together with automatic unit conversion based on the unit system.
A corresponding `UnitOfArea` unit enumerator, and `AreaConverter` converter class have been added to support the new device class.

### Backward compatibility
As of Home Assistant Core 2024.12, the following unit constant is deprecated and replaced by a corresponding enum:

- `UnitOfArea` enumerator replaces `AREA_SQUARE_METERS` constant

> Area units can also be converted between us customary and metric units using `AreaConverter`
> 

Reviewer 2: Not needed (included in summary)
```suggestion
```

---
author: mikey0000
authorURL: https://github.com/mikey0000

> title: "Area squared unit enumerators"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: "New area device class"
```

---

> As of Home Assistant Core 2024.12, the following unit constant is deprecated and replaced by a corresponding enum:

Reviewer 2: I think the focus should be on the new features (the deprecation is a side-effect)
```suggestion
## Summary of changes
A new `AREA` device class is now available for number and sensor entities, together with automatic unit conversion based on the unit system.
A corresponding `UnitOfArea` unit enumerator, and `AreaConverter` converter class have been added to support the new device class.

As of Home Assistant Core 2024.12, the following unit constant is deprecated and replaced by a corresponding enum:
```

- `UnitOfArea` enumerator replaces `AREA_SQUARE_METERS` constant

Area units can also be converted between us customary and metric units using `AreaConverter`

# Example

```python
AreaConverter.convert(10, UnitOfArea.SQUARE_KILOMETERS, UnitOfArea.SQUARE_MILES)

> ```

Reviewer 2: Is this a real-life example?
I would expect all the unit conversion to happen automatically via the device class - in most cases there should be no need to use the converter.

I'm not sure an example is necessary, but if you do one the focus should be on the `_attr_device_class`

Reviewer: I agree. I think the example should be removed or a dev might think they need to handle it (which they should normally not)

Author: Agreed, good point will remove

> Number entity has the addition of `NumberDeviceClass.AREA`.
> 
> More details can be found in the Number [documentation](/docs/core/entity/number#available-device-classes)
> 
> Sensor entity has the addition of `SensorDeviceClass.AREA`.
> 
> More details can be found in the Sensor [documentation](/docs/core/entity/sensor#available-device-classes)

Reviewer 2: I think this can be simplified

```suggestion
More details can be found in the [Number documentation](/docs/core/entity/number#available-device-classes) and [Sensor documentation](/docs/core/entity/sensor#available-device-classes)
```
